--------------------
03c09
********************
■Saria Episode 09~
What should I do...?
[Choices]
1. 　Watch them from a distance
2. 　Tail them
Today is Sunday—.
And yet, I have absolutely no plans.
I’m just wandering through the shopping district all by myself in the middle of the day.
Even then, I only forced myself out because staying cooped up at home all day was just too depressing.
It feels so empty...
I’ve been irritated since this morning.
I realized something today.
And it left me completely stunned.
Do I... not have any friends...?
N-No, that can't be true!
I get along great with the guys in the baseball club, and I handle my classmates just fine.
So why am I all alone on a perfectly good day off...?
I don't get it. Why?!
I kept on like that, irritated the whole time.
I came to the shopping district to clear my head, but it hasn't worked at all.
In the first place, it’s all Aoi’s fault.
Going off to have fun somewhere by herself without a word.
Dealing with her is usually a great way for me to kill time.
Thinking that, I suddenly froze.
That’s it...
That’s why I don't have any friends.
Because I’m always with Aoi.
In the morning, when we head to school.
At noon, when we eat our lunches at school.
In the evening, when we head home from school.
Even at night when I’m in my room, Aoi is right there in the room next door.
I’m with Aoi from morning until night.
It’s not that I don't have friends.
I just have no interest in making them.
The whole concept of "hanging out" with those guys doesn't even exist for me.
My entire life revolves around Aoi... it might not be an exaggeration to put it that way.
What exactly am I to Aoi...?
A servant? A slave?
Somehow, I’m getting more and more pissed off.
I thought being with Aoi constantly was just normal.
But looking at it from the perspective of other guys, it might be pretty damn weird.
Actually, the guys in the baseball club might even think I’m some cold-hearted bastard.
The guy who chooses a girl over male bonding—I’ve probably been labeled like that. Well, it’s the truth, though.
Sigh, life is so complicated.
As I walked along with a sigh, I spotted Aoi in front of "Sokkou Department Store."
Aoi was with Saria.
The two of them were walking and talking.
$Akito
“............”
Speak of the devil and she appears.
But still, to think the reason Aoi left me behind was to meet up with Saria...
...Well, maybe they just ran into each other by chance.
Even so, despite everything, those two seem to be getting along pretty well.
As for me, I don't like the way Saria blatantly ignores me, though.
And the way Saria is acting strangely close to Aoi is... well, it’s concerning, to say the least.
$Akito
“...Yeah. It’s only been lately, hasn't it?”
Since Saria started getting close to us (or just Aoi?)...
$Akito
“...Well, I guess the same could be said for the project members too.”
I watched the two of them from a distance, thinking about those things idly.
I’m walking through the midday shopping district with Shinjou-senpai.
I’d planned to just relax at home today, but...
It all started with a phone call from Shinjou-senpai this morning.
$Aoi
“What is it...?”
$Saria
“Good day, Kanzaki-san. Please make your way to the shopping district immediately.”
Her words left no room for refusal.
To be honest, I didn't really want to see Senpai’s face.
After what happened at school... and everything else.
And yet—.
$Saria
“I truly wished to spend the entire day with you today, Kanzaki-san. Or perhaps... do you dislike spending time with me...?”
$Aoi
“N-No... it’s not that, but...”
I reflexively answered that way.
The moment the words left my mouth, I thought "Oh no," but it was too late.
$Saria
“I am planning to go shopping now. Won't you please accompany me?”
In the end, I was steamrolled like that.
But well, it’s rude to turn down an invitation when I don't have any other plans.
And if we’re just shopping, she probably won't do those things to me like before.
Having convinced myself of that, here I am.
But still, I can't help feeling anxious.
 I have absolutely no idea what Shinjou-senpai is thinking.
Shinjou-senpai might find it fun to do those things to me, but I don't find it fun at all...
Though, there is a tiny part of me that’s starting to feel pleasure on its own...
Could that be why Shinjou-senpai finds it so easy to toy with me?
God, I’m terrible...
Maybe it’s just that I need to be more firm...
Following behind Shinjou-senpai as she strode gallantly through the district, my heart felt a bit heavy.
Is it really just shopping...?
I don't want to be suspicious, but I can't help thinking it.
With those unsettled thoughts in mind, I followed after Senpai.
The place Shinjou-senpai headed for was "Sokkou Department Store."
It’s not exactly the most popular spot for young people, but it’s a department store filled with various brand-name boutiques.
I shook off my negative thoughts.
Shinjou-senpai went through the trouble of inviting me to go shopping. I should try to have fun.
Though, I certainly don't have the money to buy brand-name goods.
Just looking at them is fun for a girl, right?
$Aoi
“Um, Senpai... what are you buying today?”
$Saria
“Underwear.”
$Aoi
“Eh? ...Wha?!”
Because I’d expected a more mundane answer like clothes or a bag, I was more flustered than necessary.
$Aoi
“U-Underwear... I see...”
$Saria
“Fufu. If you would like...”
As we walked, Senpai turned back toward me.
$Saria
“Shall I pick out a gift for you as well, Kanzaki-san...?”
$Aoi
“N-No! I couldn't possibly let you do that!”
I shook my head violently from side to side.
$Saria
“Oh my, there is no need for such modesty.”
$Aoi
“No, really... ha-haha...”
All I could do was offer a sheepish smile.
Talking to Shinjou-senpai really throws me off my game...
But still...
Why did she have to invite me along just to buy underwear...?
And what does she mean by buying some for me, too?
C-Could it be that Shinjou-senpai thinks my taste in underwear is lame?
...I personally like the sets I always wear, though.
The more I thought about it, the more confused I became.
And somehow, I started to feel embarrassed.
Since it was Sunday, and midday at that, the department store was predictably crowded.
The elevator was packed to the gills.
I thought we could have just used the stairs instead of squeezing in like this, but Shinjou-senpai stepped right in, so I had no choice but to follow.
We were pushed back by the wave of people toward the very back wall of the elevator.
I ended up standing pressed tightly against Senpai in the corner by the wall.
What a huge crowd...
Families with children, elegant madams, middle-aged women chattering away without a care even inside the elevator.
There don't seem to be many young people.
Being squeezed by the crowd, I thought about those things idly.
Shinjou-senpai’s body is pressed right against my back.
My heart gave a little skip.
Senpai’s clothes are quite revealing. I can clearly feel the sensation of her soft breasts against my back.
Plus, the scent of her expensive perfume is wafting around me.
I tried my best not to think about it.
$Saria
“...Nff.”
I thought I heard Senpai let out a small giggle.
Just as I wondered what was wrong, a hand slid inside my skirt...!
$Aoi
“...!”
A-A groper...?!
I felt a chill of horror.
I tried to writhe away, but I couldn't move because of the crowd.
What should I do... what should I do...!
Confused as I was, I tried to figure out whose hand had slipped inside my skirt.
That hand was supple... its skin was white... and it was reaching around from behind me...
Shinjou-senpai...?!
That hand began to softly trace over my secret place from over my panties.
$Aoi
“Ugh...”
A gasp almost escaped my lips.
I barely managed to suppress it and looked back at Senpai.
Senpai’s face was much closer than I’d expected.
She was staring fixedly at me.
In a place like this... Senpai, what are you thinking?
I gave a small shake of my head.
Please... stop...
I stared back at Senpai, putting all my prayers into my eyes.
But Senpai wouldn't even acknowledge them.
The movements of the finger touching my secret place grew faster.
$Aoi
“—!”
My entire body flushed hot.
What if someone notices?
I was so embarrassed I couldn't help but hang my head.
My breathing was growing more and more ragged.
$Aoi
“Haa... haa...”
I bit my lip, desperately stifling my voice.
I can't let anyone nearby notice. I can't let them find out.
I have to stay calm, no matter what...
The more I thought that, the more my consciousness focused on the movement of Senpai’s finger.
My knees started to tremble. I couldn't put any strength into them.
It was hard just to keep standing.
Even so, I tried my best to keep my breathing sounding normal.
It’ll be over soon...
The time the elevator spends moving is negligible.
We’ll reach our floor and get off in no time.
I just have to endure until then... I have to...!
But Senpai’s hand relentlessly rubbed and stroked my secret place.
$Aoi
“Ngh...!”
No... please...
Why does it feel so good so easily?
I was bewildered by my own body’s reaction.
Moreover, Senpai’s finger movements were incredibly delicate, unerringly stimulating my most sensitive spots.
$Aoi
“Ha... ah...”
I can't keep my voice down...
I realized that my secret place was becoming wet.
*Squish...*
A shiver ran through me.
I couldn't help but tremble.
The wet sounds leaking from my own secret place sounded incredibly loud to me.
No... someone will notice...!
The elevator still hasn't stopped.
It should only be a few dozen seconds, but it felt like an eternity to me.
I just focused entirely on biting my lip, enduring the pleasure.
But... I don't think I can hold it back...!
$Aoi
“A... ngh...”
An agonizing sensation welled up in my lower abdomen.
The core of my head was starting to buzz and go numb.
No... I’m going to come...!
I gripped the hem of my skirt tightly.
I can't... take it... I’m cumming!
Just then, Senpai’s hand pulled away.
$Aoi
“Haah... haah...”
Right before I reached the climax, I was finally released.
I covered my mouth with my hand, suppressing my heavy breathing.
I felt so relieved.
But I couldn't help but stare at Senpai.
Being stopped right at the edge, my groin felt unsettled.
I shifted my hips restlessly.
Shinjou-senpai looked at my face and smiled with satisfaction.
I didn't know what that smile was supposed to mean.
With a *ding*, the elevator stopped.
The display showed the fifth floor. The doors opened, and the shoppers began to file out.
I couldn't walk.
I couldn't put any strength into my legs.
Then, Senpai pulled me by the hand.
I stumbled as I got off the elevator.
Once we were out, I couldn't help but sink into a crouch right there.
$Aoi
“Haa, haa... haa, haa...”
I thought I was done for...
I looked up at Senpai resentfully.
Even for a joke, this is just too much...
$Aoi
“Why... would you do such a thing...”
But Shinjou-senpai just offered a nonchalant smile.
$Saria
“A little change of pace is quite nice every once in a while, wouldn't you say?”
She said it playfully.
I could only let out a sigh.
Down there, it was still throbbing just a little...
$Aoi
“Ngh...!”
No... it feels too good...
Why does it feel so good so easily?
I was bewildered by my own body’s reaction.
Moreover, Senpai’s finger movements were incredibly delicate, unerringly stimulating my most sensitive spots.
$Aoi
“Ha... ah...”
I can't keep my voice down...
I realized that my secret place was becoming wet.
*Squish...*
A shiver ran through me. I couldn't help but tremble.
The wet sounds leaking from my own secret place sounded incredibly loud to me.
No... someone will notice...!
The elevator still hasn't stopped.
It should only be a few dozen seconds, but it felt like an eternity to me.
I just focused entirely on biting my lip, enduring the pleasure.
But... I can't take it...!
$Aoi
“A... ngh...”
An agonizing sensation welled up in my lower abdomen.
The core of my head was starting to buzz and go numb.
I didn't care about anything anymore.
More than anything else, the desire to feel even better dominated my mind.
I couldn't take being teased through my clothes anymore.
I wiggled my hips and looked at Senpai.
With just the shape of my mouth, I pleaded, "Put it inside."
But Senpai wouldn't even acknowledge that.
She just gave a thin smile.
Senpai didn't slide her hand inside my panties.
It’s not enough...
Even so, the pleasure spread throughout my entire body.
The movement of Senpai’s finger grew faster.
$Aoi
“Ku... n-ngh...!”
No... I’m going to come...!
I gripped the hem of my skirt tightly.
I can't... take it... I’m cumming!
Just then, Senpai’s hand pulled away.
$Aoi
“Haah... haah...”
I was released right before reaching the climax.
I covered my mouth with my hand, suppressing my heavy breathing.
Why did you stop...?
I couldn't help but look at Senpai pleadingly.
Being stopped right at the edge, my groin felt unsettled.
I shifted my hips restlessly.
Shinjou-senpai looked at my face and smiled with satisfaction.
I didn't know what that smile was supposed to mean.
With a *ding*, the elevator stopped.
The display showed the fifth floor. The doors opened, and the shoppers began to file out.
I couldn't walk.
I couldn't put any strength into my legs.
Then, Senpai pulled me by the hand.
I stumbled as I got off the elevator.
Once we were out, I couldn't help but slump down right there.
$Aoi
“Haa, haa... haa, haa...”
My whole body is still flushed.
Because she stopped halfway, I didn't know what to do with the agonizing sensation in my lower abdomen.
I clung to Senpai.
$Aoi
“Senpai... I can't take it...”
But Shinjou-senpai just offered a nonchalant smile.
$Saria
“That seemed rather stimulating, did it not?”
She said it playfully.
$Aoi
“Please, don't leave me like this...”
I could feel the juices still overflowing from my secret place.
I’ll never settle down at this rate...
I want it... I want to feel good...
And yet Senpai just wore a thin smile, oblivious to my feelings.
$Saria
“Now, Kanzaki-san. Please stand up. We are going shopping now.”
$Aoi
“But...”
$Saria
“Fufu. You really are quite a pervert, Kanzaki-san. But I simply cannot keep up with you.”
How could she... the one who made me this way was you, Senpai...
This is just cruel...
Feeling miserable, I reluctantly stood up.
My groin was throbbing and aching.
Speak of the devil and she appears.
Seriously, we’re bound by some cursed fate.
Suddenly, I thought that maybe I should spend today away from Aoi.
It’s a rare day off, after all. Maybe I should invite the guys from the baseball club and head out somewhere.
I wanted to do that, I really did, but there’s the project to think about.
Even though the person with Aoi is Saria, there’s no telling when or where Aoi might be targeted.
I was anxious.
Right now, there’s something more important for me to do than hanging out with friends.
That’s right, I’d forgotten.
More than anything else, I have to protect Aoi.
However, I hesitated to call out to her.
It was just my stupid pride.
I didn't want Aoi, of all people, to think I didn't have any friends.
I guess you could call it a man’s pride.
So, I decided to secretly tail Aoi instead.
Besides, to protect Aoi, it’s better to maintain a certain distance as an observer.
That way I can grasp the situation immediately.
Aoi was led into "Sokkou Department Store" by Saria.
Shopping...?
Why do women love shopping so much?
I’ll never understand it.
Thinking about that, I followed them into the store.
As I watched Aoi from behind, I noticed something a little strange about her.
Her shoulders were unusually tense, and she looked nervous.
What’s up with her?
Since it was midday on a Sunday, the department store was packed.
There was a massive crowd.
And most of them were just middle-aged women.
I could hardly see any other young guys like me.
I really stand out here...
I felt a little embarrassed.
In the first place, I almost never come to department stores.
I could tell I was feeling strangely out of place.
Aoi and the others were about to get on an elevator.
I’ll lose sight of them at this rate. I hurriedly chased after them and slipped into the packed elevator.
Man, it’s really crowded.
The elevator was overflowing with families, elegant madams, and noisy middle-aged women.
Aoi and Saria were standing at the very back, against the wall.
I casually kept an eye on them so they wouldn't notice me.
Suddenly, Aoi flinched and bunched up her shoulders.
Hm? What happened?
Aoi’s behavior seemed a bit off.
It might have just been my imagination, but her face looked red, and her eyes were darting around restlessly.
Before long, she just hung her head.
Did something happen?
But I didn't see any obvious movements that would explain it.
None of the people around Aoi looked suspicious either.
The way Saria was watching Aoi with a smile on her face was a bit concerning, though.
What was that all about?
I don't get it. I tilted my head in confusion.
But since Aoi didn't say anything, I guess I must have just imagined it.
Eventually, the elevator reached the fifth floor.
Almost all the shoppers who were inside poured out at once.
I was swept along by the wave of people and pushed out as well.
Crap, I’m gonna lose sight of Aoi and the others!
I panicked.
But luckily, Aoi and Saria got off on this floor too.
Once I confirmed that, I hid behind a pillar so they wouldn't see me.