--------------------
03c12
********************
■Saria Episode 12~
I—
[Choices]
1. 　Think it over alone
2. 　Go see how Saria is doing
Class ended for the day.
Club activities were about to begin.
But I felt a strange, nagging sense of unease.
Like something was... missing...
That’s it.
I haven't run into Saria even once today.
She was always loitering around Aoi, but today she hasn't shown her face at all.
I guess she’s still reeling from that incident...
It’s only natural. After being subjected to something like that, you wouldn't just bounce back right away...
I wonder if Saria even came to school today.
...I was genuinely worried.
But even so, I had no idea what I could possibly say to her.
If we met face-to-face, I’d just get awkward and end up speechless for sure.
Maybe it’s better to just leave her be for now.
But still, I couldn't get her out of my head...
Even if I did go check on her, what could I even say?
In the end, as a man, there are some pains I’ll simply never understand.
I resented my own powerlessness.
I wanted to be alone for a bit.
I wanted to think.
About what I could actually do.
With that in mind, I headed up to the roof before going to my club.
I figured no one would be there... but as luck would have it, I spotted Saria.
The instant I saw her, I hid.
I didn't have the courage to face her.
I’m not emotionally prepared yet...
Making excuses to myself, I left the roof without saying a word.
I felt pathetic.
I stood alone on the rooftop.
$Saria
“............”
I stared down at the ground through the chain-link fence.
Classes were over, and I could see the students heading home.
The sky was so heartbreakingly clear and blue.
A cruel contrast to the state of my heart.
Whether I like it or not, the memories of yesterday come rushing back.
Just thinking about it made my skin crawl with goosebumps.
Terror surged through me instantly, leaving me paralyzed where I stood.
I wrapped my arms around my own shoulders, shivering.
Truthfully, I didn't want to come to school today.
The only reason I forced myself here was sheer, stubborn pride.
Furthermore, I couldn't let anyone else suspect what happened yesterday.
I had to act normal.
But acting normal was agonizing. I needed to be alone.
That was why I came to the roof.
I no longer cared about Kanzaki Aoi.
I was far too occupied with my own shattered self.
I didn't have the luxury to think about anything else.
In fact, now that I’ve suffered this way, I truly realized the stupidity—the cruelty—of what I had planned for Kanzaki Aoi.
A chill ran down my spine.
I cannot forgive myself for attempting the same thing those monkeys did.
The usual me would never have thought such things.
I suppose it shows just how much I’ve reached my limit.
I’m not a fool. I knew that, in a sense, this was all the result of my own actions.
But even so, I could never forgive them.
I cannot make this public.
But I have no intention of letting them go free, either.
They will pay for the humiliation they inflicted upon me.
Otherwise, my rage will never be quelled.
Suddenly, I was seized in a tight embrace from behind.
$Saria
“—!?”
My instinct was to scream.
But my mouth was immediately smothered.
$Saria
“Mugu-gu...!”
Before I could even struggle, someone’s hand slid under my skirt.
I was horrified.
The terrifying sights of yesterday flashed through my mind like a nightmare.
No... Nooo!!
$Saria
“Nnnngh... nngu-gu!”
No matter how hard I tried to cry out, I was silenced by the hand over my mouth.
What is this... what on earth is happening...?!
I writhed desperately, trying to shake off the hands crawling over me.
But the strength was immense. They didn't budge an inch.
I spiraled into a panic.
My body began to shake with pure terror.
I thrashed my limbs wildly.
I didn't care how I looked anymore.
My mind was consumed by a single word: “Fear.”
But no matter how much I struggled, the hands pinning me down wouldn't let go.
Worse, the hand groping inside my skirt began to crawl into my panties.
$Saria
“Nngh... nff...!!”
I felt that hideous sensation against my secret place.
A faint pang of pain shot through me.
My wounds from yesterday haven't even healed yet.
Stop... stop it!
$Saria
“Nnngu-gu...!!”
$Mitsuteru
“Stay nice and quiet, Princess.”
$Saria
“...!!”
I caught my breath.
It’s Mitsuteru Kanda...
The man who violated me yesterday is... again...
I thrashed more violently than ever.
Terrified, I writhed with everything I had.
$Mitsuteru
“It’s useless... you already know that, don't you?”
Two other men entered my field of vision.
The thin monkey Naru and the black monkey George...
$Narumi
“Uhyahyahya! You wanted to see us, didn't you, Princess?! That’s why you bothered coming to school today, isn't it?!”
$George
“............”
The two of them wore sneering smirks as they began to tear my clothes away.
—Rip, tear, shred!
$Saria
“Hi... nnnngh!”
Kanda whispered into my ear from behind.
$Mitsuteru
“I just couldn't forget... the taste of the Princess’s cunt.”
I could do nothing but shake my head over and over in denial.
$Mitsuteru
“Better safe than sorry, they say. I wanted to make sure the Princess stayed nice and quiet, so I came here just for you.”
$Narumi
“You should be grateful! Uhihihi!”
The two underling monkeys grabbed my breasts and kneaded them roughly, their tongues sliding over my entire body.
The sensation was revolting... I shuddered with revulsion.
Kanda’s finger relentlessly rubbed and stroked my secret place.
I felt no pleasure.
Only fear and disgust.
Tears began to overflow.
That I... would be crying...
But pride meant nothing now. I was simply, utterly terrified.
Kanda violently shoved me down onto the ground.
Only then did I regain a shred of freedom.
$Saria
“St... Stop it!”
I tried to crawl away on all fours.
But my ankle was seized.
My arm was twisted upward behind me.
$Mitsuteru
“I told you, you aren't getting away. Just give it up.”
$Saria
“Please... stop...!”
I didn't care about my dignity.
Without even wiping away my tears, I begged him.
I was so scared I couldn't put any strength into my body.
$Saria
“Forgive me...”
$Mitsuteru
“I don't think so.”
With that one sentence, I was cast into the depths of despair.
I was pinned to the ground on my back.
My arms were held so firmly that no matter how much I thrashed, I couldn't move.
Kanda hovered over me.
He forced my legs wide open.
$Saria
“No, nooooo!!”
I kicked my legs wildly, trying to strike Kanda’s body.
$Mitsuteru
“Tch... Shut up!!”
—CRACK!!
He slapped my cheek with incredible force.
A stinging pain washed over me.
Even so, I continued to scream.
$Saria
“Noooo!! Please, forgive me!!”
$Mitsuteru
“Kekeke, if that’s how it is, I’ll just shove this in to keep you quiet.”
Something hard was pressed against my secret place.
Squelch, slide, thrust!!
$Saria
“Noooooooooo!!!”
A searing, tearing pain shot through me.
$Mitsuteru
“George, shove it in her ass.”
$George
“............”
By now, I didn't even know what position I was in anymore.
Something hideous was forced inside my rear as well.
Grind, thrust, tear!!
$Saria
“Ugyeeeeeeh!!”
$Mitsuteru
“Keke. How’s it feel to have both holes stuffed at the same time, Princess?”
$Saria
“Hagu... ku-haaaaaaaaaa!!!”
Kanda and George began to pump their hips simultaneously.
An agonizing pain, like my groin was on fire, surged through me.
$Saria
“Noooo!! I’m going to dieeee!!”
*Squelch, squelch, thrust, thrust!*
*Grind, tear, grind, tear!*
Furthermore, the other underling licked my entire body while kneading my breasts.
There was no pleasure to be had...
Fear, disgust, intense pain, despair...
I could do nothing but scream and cry.
$Saria
“Fugyaaaaaaaaah!!”
$Mitsuteru
“Ora! I’m cumming inside!! George, you spray your seed in her ass, too!”
$George
“............”
*Gush, squirt, splash!!*
The moment I felt that hot fluid being released deep inside my vagina... and my anus...
Something inside me broke...
$Saria
“Ah...”
My vision, blurred with tears, began to distort...
It’s like a dream...
Yes, this is a nightmare...
A nightmare from which there is no waking...
Then, I will never open my eyes again...
I stopped resisting.
I realized that no matter what I did, it was futile.
Everything was over...
There was no going back now...
My pride, everything, had been demolished.
I will become a doll.
I don't need a heart...
I don't need anything.
I don't want to see anything.
I don't want to hear anything.
I don't want to think about anything.
I don't want to feel anything.
With a snap, my memory cut off.
I had killed my own self...
I was worried, after all.
Besides, I’m at least partly responsible for Saria ending up like that.
More than anything, I wanted to be there for her, even just a little.
I didn't quite understand why I felt that way, though.
Starting with the third-year building, I searched all over the school.
The third-years told me Saria had indeed come to school, and I finally found her standing alone on the roof.
I hesitated for a moment, then quietly approached her.
Saria didn't notice me; she just stared fixedly at the scenery below through the fence.
Her profile was filled with such sorrow... my heart felt like it was being squeezed.
$Akito
“Yo, Shinjou-senpai. Nice weather today.”
That was the only mundane greeting I could think of.
Saria gave a start and looked at me.
It seems she finally noticed me.
$Saria
“...It was you.”
$Akito
“Hey.”
It was incredibly awkward. I gave a quick bow.
But Saria didn't seem to be looking at me.
She turned her gaze back toward the sky.
$Saria
“...Please leave me alone.”
Her expression looked so painful.
If I left her alone, I felt like she might climb over the fence and jump.
That was the kind of aura she had.
I desperately searched for words.
$Akito
“U-Um, look! Please, cheer up. Seeing that look on your face makes even me want to cry.”
$Akito
“...Er, how should I put it. I’m a guy, so I’m sure I don't understand even a tenth of how you feel. But, well...”
$Saria
“............”
Saria’s expression became blank and emotionless, like a Noh mask.
$Akito
“...Well, I thought maybe you don't have to be so depressed... or something.”
I had no idea what I was trying to say.
Saying something like that would only hurt her more.
I racked my brain.
$Akito
“So, er... oh, right. They always say, right? Just think of it like being bitten by a stray dog.”
Aah, no, not like that!
What the hell am I saying?!
That was incredibly rude.
I grew frustrated with my own lack of words.
I felt pathetic for not being able to say something helpful at a time like this.
$Akito
“What I mean is! In my opinion, I want the haughty, insolent Saria I know to come back as soon as possible!”
I messed up again...
But those words were my honest feelings.
No matter how insolent or haughty Saria is, or how much she hates me, or how she tries to mess with Aoi—that’s the Saria I know.
If she doesn't go back to being that Saria, there’s no point.
I scratched my head and offered a wry smile.
$Akito
“I want you to go back to... ignoring me like before. Throw those cold glares my way again, just like you used to...”
$Saria
“............”
Suddenly, I saw a change in Saria’s expression.
Until just now, she’d been blank and mask-like, but that seemed to soften somehow...
Was it just my imagination?
Then, Saria looked at me.
She let out a small sigh.
She looked exasperated.
$Saria
“What a strange man you are. Why do you insist on concerning yourself with me so?”
$Akito
“Eh? Well, er, I mean...”
I found myself at a loss for words.
$Saria
“...After I have treated you with nothing but disdain... I simply cannot understand you.”
$Akito
“Oh... I see...”
I don't even understand myself, lady.
$Saria
“I have absolutely no idea what you are trying to say.”
Yeah, well, neither do I.
My shoulders slumped in defeat.
I really am a failure... good grief.
$Saria
“But, I wonder why.”
Saria knit her brows in confusion.
$Akito
“Why what...?”
$Saria
“Despite those nonsensical words... my chest feels... warm...”
I was stunned.
Hm? What did she just say?
$Akito
“Wait, really?!”
I was surprised by my own words.
$Saria
“...Pfft.”
Saria... laughed.
It was a fragile-looking smile, but she was definitely, truly laughing at the absurdity...
I could only stare at Saria with my eyes wide open.
$Saria
“What are you looking so surprised for?”
Noticing my expression, Saria’s face quickly shifted into a pout.
But I felt incredibly happy.
$Akito
“...Hehehe.”
$Saria
“Are you making fun of me?”
$Akito
“...No, it’s just, you laughed just now, Senpai.”
Saria looked blank for a moment.
$Saria
“...D-Did I?”
$Akito
“Yeah. So, well... it made me happy. That was the first time you’ve ever laughed for me, right?”
No matter what I tried before, Saria had treated me like I was less than trash, and now she had laughed.
And in a situation like this, too.
I was so happy I couldn't help but grin.
$Saria
“............”
Saria hung her head.
Was it just my imagination that her face looked a bit red?
$Saria
“...And what of it? Truly... you are a strange man...”
Her voice trembled slightly at the end.
$Akito
“Senpai...?”
I peered at her face and was taken aback.
Tears were falling from Saria’s eyes...
My heart was squeezed again.
She was pretending to be calm, but she was truly, deeply hurting...
That kind of stubborn strength was just like Saria.
But... it’s better to cry...
Bottling it up isn't good.
It’s better to cry your eyes out and let all those emotions out.
$Akito
“Senpai... it’s okay now...”
When I said that, Saria leaned into me.
$Akito
“S-Senpai...?”
$Saria
“Uugh... *sniff*...”
Saria buried her face in my chest and sobbed quietly.
I was a bit flustered, but... I wrapped my arms around Saria’s back and held her.
If it’s just my chest you need, you can have it as long as you want.
If it makes you feel even a little bit better...
I continued to stroke Saria’s back, as if comforting a child.
I stayed like that until she had finally calmed down.